Sharpen your senses.
Be it the ball, the blockers,
or the spikers...
Don't overlook any movements on the court.
The perfect timing, and the perfect set for your spiker.
Grasp it!
Again...
It worked again!
They've turned it around!
Kageyama/Hinata    Tsukishima/Yamaguchi
They're one point away from winning the first set.
His sets are rapidly becoming more accurate!
Is this how good a setter Kageyama really is?
Dude, you're amazing!
But the one who drew all his abilities out...
was Hinata, wasn't it?
I scored again!
The heat flickers
Sweat glitters on my skin
Shouts echo and shoulders hit
We asked the sky through the open window
Haikyuu !!
what our summer would be like
Tell me, Mr. Future
Come on, come on, come on
The chance is there
Do it together
Everybody always wants to stand there,
make mistakes, get angry, and struggle
We'll never give up
We don't want it to end
I will continue on with my imagination
I want to struggle and fall and become stronger
I want to persevere, stand back up, do it again,
and never give up
Let me run
I will run to where my imagination leads me
Episode Five:
A Wimp's Anxiety
Good job waiting for him. I'm proud of you!
I'd never even seen a guy take a set to his face before!
I won't let you dominate!
Welcome!
You won't even get near the ball if you leave him free!
Dammit.
How'd you like that?
Well, Tsukishima?
Didn't you say you'd target and crush Hinata and me?
Yeah!
Well, go ahead! If you can, that is!
If you can, that is!
Why are you running your mouth, Tanaka?
Kageyama/Hinata    Tsukishima/Yamaguchi
Yeah, why?
You can only spike because of those first-years!
Quit acting like a hotshot!
Keep your shirt on, cueball!
Kageyama/Hinata    Tsukishima/Yamaguchi
All right, which one of you just casually insulted me?!
Frankly,
Tsukishima's team had better figure out a way to stop Kageyama and Hinata
or else they're gonna have a hard time,
considering they lack attacking firepower.
It's time to begin the second set.
Let's go!
Yeah!
All right!
Tsukishima/Yamaguchi    Kageyama/Hinata
Take this!
Kageyama may be awesome,
but making those precise sets
looks like it's taking its toll on him.
Hinata seems worn out due to running around way more than typical.
Yeah, but still...
Yes!
They look like they're having fun!
Tsukishima/Yamaguchi    Kageyama/Hinata
Good game.
D-Daichi, Suga...
Did you say all that because you knew they could run plays like that?
You're incredible!
Get them to work in combination and
Karasuno will evolve by leaps and bounds!
Can't you put them to good use?
As if, dumbass!
I meant he should make sets that Hinata would find easy to hit.
As for me,
I thought Hinata could learn to keep up with Kageyama's somewhat unreasonable sets.
But they betrayed my expectations in a good way.
How should I put this?
I was hoping for this to happen, but instead,
this is what we ended up with.
Hinata's inexperienced, but he's got natural speed and jumping ability.
And Kageyama's skills allow him to put them to great use.
The two of them bring out the best in each other.
What? Do you have a problem?
They might be a better duo than we ever imagined.
Of course I do!
Come on, let's go.
Tsukishima!
What?
We're supposed to shake hands before and after every match.
Though we did forgot about it earlier.
Besides, we're gonna be teammates from now on.
Not that I'm happy about it.
Hurry up, man!
Don't you know?
If you don't treat your teammates with respect, you'll get thrown out of the gym!
But you guys got banned from the gym
because you ignored the captain's
orders and began some farcical contest
which led to you sending the Vice Principal's wig flying.
Don't be so nitpicky.
Come on, shake hands!
What are you doing?
Stay away!
Stop it!
What the hell are they doing?
Are you okay, Tsukki?
Tsukishima.
How'd you like the three-on-three?
I didn't really care for it.
We were up against a king from an elite school.
It's no surprise that we plebeians couldn't beat him.
You say that,
but you did get serious back there.
Here.
Captain!
What?
Club Application
Volleyball
Class 1-3 Kageyama Tobio
Club Application
Volleyball
Class 1-1 Hinata Shouyou
Club Application
Volleyball
Class 1-3 Kageyama Tobio
Club Application
Volleyball
Class 1-1 Hinata Shouyou
Club Application
Volleyball
Class 1-3 Kageyama Tobio
Club Application
Volleyball
Class 1-1 Hinata Shouyou
Club Application
Volleyball
Class 1-3 Kageyama Tobio
Club Application
Volleyball
Class 1-1 Hinata Shouyou
Club Application
Volleyball
Class 1-3 Kageyama Tobio
Club Application
Volleyball
Class 1-1 Hinata Shouyou
Club Application
Volleyball
Class 1-3 Kageyama Tobio
Club Application
Volleyball
Class 1-1 Hinata Shouyou
Club Application
Volleyball
Class 1-3 Kageyama Tobio
Club Application
Volleyball
Class 1-1 Hinata Shouyou
Club Application
Volleyball
Class 1-3 Kageyama Tobio
Club Application
Volleyball
Class 1-1 Hinata Shouyou
Club Application
Volleyball
Class 1-3 Kageyama Tobio
Club Application
Volleyball
Class 1-1 Hinata Shouyou
Club Application
Volleyball
Class 1-3 Kageyama Tobio
Club Application
Volleyball
Class 1-1 Hinata Shouyou
Club Application
Volleyball
Class 1-3 Kageyama Tobio
Club Application
Volleyball
Class 1-1 Hinata Shouyou
Club Application
Volleyball
Class 1-3 Kageyama Tobio
Club Application
Volleyball
Class 1-1 Hinata Shouyou
Club Application
Volleyball
Class 1-3 Kageyama Tobio
Club Application
Volleyball
Class 1-1 Hinata Shouyou
Club Application
Volleyball
Class 1-3 Kageyama Tobio
Club Application
Volleyball
Class 1-1 Hinata Shouyou
Club Application
Volleyball
Class 1-3 Kageyama Tobio
Club Application
Volleyball
Class 1-1 Hinata Shouyou
Club Application
Volleyball
Class 1-3 Kageyama Tobio
Club Application
Volleyball
Class 1-1 Hinata Shouyou
Club Application
Volleyball
Class 1-3 Kageyama Tobio
Club Application
Volleyball
Class 1-1 Hinata Shouyou
Club Application
Volleyball
Class 1-3 Kageyama Tobio
Club Application
Volleyball
Class 1-1 Hinata Shouyou
Club Application
Volleyball
Class 1-3 Kageyama Tobio
Club Application
Volleyball
Class 1-1 Hinata Shouyou
Club Application
Volleyball
Class 1-3 Kageyama Tobio
Club Application
Volleyball
Class 1-1 Hinata Shouyou
Club Application
Volleyball
Class 1-3 Kageyama Tobio
Club Application
Volleyball
Class 1-1 Hinata Shouyou
Club Application
Volleyball
Class 1-3 Kageyama Tobio
Club Application
Volleyball
Class 1-1 Hinata Shouyou
Club Application
Volleyball
Class 1-3 Kageyama Tobio
Club Application
Volleyball
Class 1-1 Hinata Shouyou
Club Application
Volleyball
Class 1-3 Kageyama Tobio
Club Application
Volleyball
Class 1-1 Hinata Shouyou
Club Application
Volleyball
Class 1-3 Kageyama Tobio
Club Application
Volleyball
Class 1-1 Hinata Shouyou
Club Application
Volleyball
Class 1-3 Kageyama Tobio
Class 1-1 Hinata Shouyou
Club Application
Volleyball
Class 1-3 Kageyama Tobio
Class 1-1 Hinata Shouyou
Volleyball
Class 1-3 Kageyama Tobio
Class 1-1 Hinata Shouyou
Volleyball
Class 1-3 Kageyama Tobio
Class 1-1 Hinata Shouyou
Volleyball
Class 1-3 Kageyama Tobio
Class 1-1 Hinata Shouyou
Volleyball
Class 1-3 Kageyama Tobio
Class 1-1 Hinata Shouyou
Volleyball
Class 1-3 Kageyama Tobio
Class 1-1 Hinata Shouyou
Volleyball
Class 1-3 Kageyama Tobio
Class 1-1 Hinata Shouyou
Volleyball
Class 1-3 Kageyama Tobio
Class 1-1 Hinata Shouyou
Volleyball
Class 1-3 Kageyama Tobio
Class 1-1 Hinata Shouyou
Shimizu!
They arrived, right?
Yes.
"They"?
Those sizes should fit you,
but let me know if you have a problem.
Thank you!
Try it on!
Nah, I'll do it later.
What, are you shy?
Come on, just try it on.
Try it on! Try it on! Try it on! Try it on!
Yeah, lookin' good.
I agree. It looks good on you.
Lookin' good!
From now on, you're members of Karasuno's volleyball team.
One, two, go!
Welcome to the team!
Thanks!
And then, you do this!
Well, I guess things got sorted out.
Like this?
You and Tanaka did your best to make sure that happened, right?
Huh? We didn't really do anything.
Anyway, I'm glad things worked out for the best.
Thanks a bunch.
Good work, Cap'n.
What's gotten into you two?
Hey, Hinata!
You've had enough of a break, I take it.
Let's get back to practicing quick attacks while it's still fresh in our minds.
Sure!
Tanaka, please pass for us.
What? Already?
I did it!
I arranged one!
A practice match!
Our opponents are one of the top four teams in the prefecture: Aoba Jousai High!
Seijou?
Ack.
No way.
A practice match against one of the prefecture's top four?!
Aoba Jousai...
Oh, you two must be the Hinata and Kageyama I've heard so much about.
Who's he? A teacher?
Beats me.
I'm Takeda Ittetsu, the volleyball team's advisor starting this year.
Hello.
I don't have any experience with volleyball, so I can't really coach you guys,
but I'll do my best to take care of everything else.
Nice to meet you.
Likewise, sir!
Sir...
Oh, I've been running all over the place trying to find us an opponent, so I haven't had any time to show up here.
How'd you get such a strong team to agree?
Don't tell me you kowtowed again...
I didn't!
I'm great at kowtowing, but I didn't do it this time.
Just... they only agreed under one condition.
A condition?
Kageyama must play as setter for the entire match.
What's that supposed to mean?
They have no interest in Karasuno, but they wanna take precautions against Kageyama?
They lookin' down on us? Turnin' their noses up?
I-It's not like that...
I don't see a problem. An opportunity like this doesn't come along too often.
Seriously?
You're our starting setter, you know!
I...
I wanna see how effective Hinata and Kageyama's plays will be against one of the big four.
Please give us the details, sir.
Okay.
Well, this might be a bit sudden, but the match's next Tuesday.
There's not much time after school,
so you'll only be playing one best-of-three.
We'll be using a school bus to travel there.
A match!
As soon as homeroom ends...
This will be my first match at Karasuno with a full lineup!
Don't be late.
Yes, sir!
Dismissed!
Thank you, sir!
Sugawara!
I got into the starting lineup by default this time,
but I'll earn my spot next time!
I didn't expect you to take notice of me, so I'm a little surprised.
Why wouldn't I?
Well, you're physically and technically far better than me.
But you have way more experience.
It won't be easy to make up for that.
Also...
Suga!
Sugawara!
Y-You also have the t-t-trust of the other members.
He must still be hurting from
that match back in junior high.
There you have it.
I'm coming for you!
And I won't go down without a fight.
Suga!
Daichi said he'll treat us to some meat buns!
But hey, Kageyama,
Foot of the Slope
don't a lot of players from Kitagawa First
eventually go to high school at Aoba Jousai?
Oh, yeah.
Kageyama's former teammates must go there...
Well, you know, I was wondering if that'd make things harder for you.
Maybe if we'd ended up on the same team, sure,
but if I'm taking them on, I'll just give it my all.
That so? I guess that makes sense.
Yeah.
Are you really okay with this, Suga?
I...
I can't accept it!
It does hurt, of course, but even so,
I want them to see just how mistaken they are if they think Kageyama hasn't changed since junior high.
Agreed.
And let's show them that Kageyama's not the
only reason they should be scared of our team.
Right, Hinata?
Wighd, Gabden!
Who gave you permission to start stuffing your face?!
Screw you!
Hey, volleyball team!
Quit making a scene in front of the store!
We're sorry.
Oh...
Volleyball team, huh?
Everyone here is part of the team.
We're on...
Thank you.
Are there any curry buns?
You'd better not skip dinner after this.
Hey! Come and get some too!
Thank you!
We're on the same team!
Kageyama, let me have a moment once you're done eating.
Sure.
Keep it down, you hear me?
Okay.
I was wondering which position to use Hinata in for the practice match.
What do you think?
Haikyuu !!
So, about the lineup for the practice match...
I think we should go with this.
Tanaka
Hinata
Sawamura
Kageyama
Tsukishima
Ennoshita
Sugawara
Yamaguchi
Kinoshita
Narita
We want to use Kageyama and Hinata as a set.
A set...
And Tsukishima is one of the very few tall players we have.
I wanna see how they fare against Seijou.
Okaaay.
I'm the only first-year who missed out.
Why's Hinata in a position which places importance on height?
Middle blocker?
Am I playing the same position as Tsukishima the beanpole?
Volleyball
H-Hang on. Mind if I review the positions?
Setters
Setters:
their primary task being setting for spikes,
they're playmakers who orchestrate a team's offense.
Wing spikers
Wing spikers:
the nucleus of a team's offense, they're also
all-rounders who can handle both attack and defense.
Middle blockers
Middle blockers:
they block opposition attacks and
also score points via quick attacks.
Also, they act as decoys to lure in opposition blocks.
Is that okay?
There are other positions,
like ones that specialize in defense,
but that'll do for now.
Listen up, Hinata.
You are the greatest decoy!
The greatest...
de... coy?
I'm not too happy about this.
We'll rack up a bunch of points using quick attacks and make the opposition's defense focus on you.
That'll make things easier for the other spikers.
Oh!
If a bunch of tall guys like Tsukishima were to stupidly fall for your tricks,
wouldn't it feel great?
That sounds really good!
Hey! You'd better not be calling Tsukki stupid!
Shut up, Yamaguchi.
Sorry, Tsukki.
On the other hand,
assume that our entire offense will
collapse if you don't prove effective.
Hey!
Don't put too much pressure on the guy!
Collapse...
Look what you've done!
But what about blocking? That's just as important.
No matter how high his vertical,
it's gonna take him more time to reach the
peak of his jump in comparison to taller guys.
Yeah.
So Hinata's gonna have to focus less on knocking down opposition spikes
and more on touching them.
We're gonna use his ridiculously high reaction speed
and have him slow down opposition spikes by touching them somehow,
I got it!
which will give us a better chance
to dig them out and counterattack.
Will that really work?
It probably won't.
Not immediately, at least.
But I'm sure we'll learn something by trying it out.
It is a practice match, after all.
Right.
More than anything,
Tsukishima and Kageyama are the only people on our
team who can match Hinata's vertical in an aerial battle.
So believe in yourself, Hinata...
Yes, sir! I'll do my best!
I'll score a lot of points, act as a decoy,
serve, block, and run quick attacks!
Whoa, whoa! Calm down!
He short-circuited!
Hinata short-circuited!
Sawamura!
Hey, Michimiya.
What's up?
I heard you're playing Seijou tomorrow.
I'm surprised you managed to arrange that.
Oh, yeah.
Mr. Takeda did his best.
Aren't you scared, though?
Didn't Seijou reach the prefectural semifinals last year?
Aren't you scared they'll destroy you?
The thing is, some pretty interesting first-years joined us recently.
Oh, I've heard about them.
You mean the ones who sent the Vice Principal's wig flying right after they joined
Whoa there!
They're still a work in progress,
but if they prove effective,
I think Karasuno can improve by leaps and bounds.
Can first-years really use the clubroom too?
Yeah. No problem.
Hey!
Hello!
Excuse us!
Did this really make your jaw drop?
It's just a normal clubroom, isn't it?
I've never actually been in a clubroom before.
The Little Giant once used this place too, right?
You finally make your debut tomorrow, Hinata.
Though it's just a practice match.
Seijou's gym is huge, y'know.
All of their players are too,
so be careful you don't get intimidated.
Hey.
Hey!
Hello there!
As...
As?
As if I'd ever get intimidated.
I'll steal the spotlight, and...
Hinata, my boy.
You know that thing you're trying to wear?
It's a jacket.
What's the matter? Is that supposed to be fashionable?
Kageyama...
Is Hinata gonna be all right tomorrow?
You look ridiculous!
What do you mean?
I mean, the only match experience he's had is that match back in junior high.
Dude, just how panicked are you?
N-N-Not at all!
So a match must mean the world to him. And that'd only make him more anxious.
I-I-I was just trying to play the fool! It was on purpose!
You're stuttering way too much, man!
I bet he's a nervous wreck right now.
But doesn't everyone get nervous bef
Oh, come on!
I can't believe you!
You're totally underestimating a wimp's anxiety!
No matter what I say to him, it only seems to put him under even more pressure.
Hinata.
About the key to the clubroom...
It's all right! I'll keep it with me!
That's not it. I brought it because I hadn't told you where we usually keep it.
I'm sorry!
That's just how it goes at the beginning.
It'd probably be better to just leave him alone.
You think?
I have to play well tomorrow.
Unlike junior high or the three-on-three the other day, from now on...
I can be replaced!
No!
I don't wanna be subbed out!
I'm finally getting the chance to stand on the court with actual teammates.
I wanna play the entire match!
I can't screw up.
Oh, sorry about that.
You're so tiny that I couldn't see you.
O-Okay.
I can't screw up.
The hell's up with him?
Who knows?
Hey, Kageyama.
Huh? Where'd my pants go?
Don't put Hinata under any more pressure by
saying something unnecessary like you always do.
Unnecessary?
Have I ever done that?
It's not ringing any bells.
He's not aware of it?
Hinata!
Those are my pants, dude!
What's wrong with you, Tanaka? You pervert!
Are you retarded? Disgusting!
I can't sleep!
Keep it down, Bro!
S-Sorry.
Kitagawa First
Volleyball Team
Line up!
If you could, please!
Sure.
Here, Hinata. Have a snack.
What's with that face, man?
Oh, I kinda couldn't sleep last night...
W-Window...
Mind if I open the window?
Stop!
Huh?
This kinda looks...
...worse than we thought.
Are we in big trouble?!
If I tell you this story,
I wonder if I can explain to you
my feelings
and the distance between us
Standing on an empty field
I breathe out into the night air
Countless times I swore that I would change
I stumbled and fell a lot,
but I swore I would laugh at the end
and not let my tears go to waste
There are so many dreams that can definitely come true
I always sat somewhere, downcast, dejected, depressed,
but still I decided I would fight,
and not let all my frustration go to waste
This is our revenge
Next Episode Preview
Daichi, will Hinata be all right?
Daichi? You look kinda pale.
The stench made me nauseous too...
The windows! Guys, open all the windows!
Episode Six:
An Amusing Team
Next time on Haikyuu!!:
"An Amusing Team."